Better macOS support (#29)
FlexConfirmMail/Thunderbird: README.md

On Windows:

1. [Install and setup Golang](https://golang.org/doc/install) on your Linux environment.
   * On Ubuntu 22.04LTS: you may just run `sudo apt install golang-go gox gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu`
2. Install go-msi https://github.com/mh-cbon/go-msi *via an MSI to your Windows environment*.
3. Install WiX Toolset https://wixtoolset.org/releases/ to your Windows environment.
4. Set PATH to go-msi (ex. `C:\Program Files\go-msi`) and WiX Toolset (ex. `C:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.11\bin`).
5. Run `make host`.
   Then `.exe` files and a batch file to build MSI will be generated.
6. Double-click the generated `webextensions\native-messaging-host\build_msi.bat` on your Windows environment.
   Then two MSIs will be generated.

And, on macOS:

1. If you need to distribute notarized pkg, prepare these things:
   * Install XCode. (You may need to update the macOS before that.)
   * Create your personal Apple ID (assume it is `myname@example.com`) and join to the Apple Developer Program. (*Payment required)

>    * Create an application passward named as `Pkg Signing`. Assme that the generated password is `aaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd`.

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
   * Create an application password named as `Pkg Signing`. Assume that the generated password is `aaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd`.
```

Author: Thanks!

   * Create a cerficate signing request.

>      1. Open "Keychain Access (キーチェーンアクセス)": "Finder" => "Acompplications (アプリケーション)" => "Utilities (ユーティリティ)" => "Keychain Access (キーチェーンアクセス)"

Reviewer 2: Typo? `Acompplications`

Author: Thanks!
